docs/installation/auth/gunicorn.md, before:

# Gunicorn

[Gunicorn](http://gunicorn.org) is a Python WSGI HTTP Server for UNIX. The Gunicorn server is light on server resources, and fairly speedy.

If you find Apache's `mod_wsgi` to be a headache or want to use NGINX (or some other webserver), then Gunicorn could be for you. There are a number of other WSGI server options out there and this documentation should be enough for you to piece together how to get them working with your environment.

Check out the full [Gunicorn docs](http://docs.gunicorn.org/en/latest/index.html).

## Setting up Gunicorn

```eval_rst
.. note::
    If you're using a virtual environment (and I would encourage you to do so when hosting Alliance Auth), activate it now. `source /path/to/venv/bin/activate`.
```

Install Gunicorn using pip, `pip install gunicorn`.

In your `allianceauth` base directory, try running `gunicorn --bind 0.0.0.0:8000 alliance_auth.wsgi`. You should be able to browse to http://yourserver:8000 and see your Alliance Auth installation running. Images and styling will be missing, but dont worry, your web server will provide them.

Once you validate its running, you can kill the process with Ctrl+C and continue.

## Running Gunicorn with Supervisor

You should use [Supervisor](supervisor.md) to keep all of Alliance Auth components running (instead of using screen). You don't _have to_ but we will be using it to start and run Gunicorn so you might as well.

### Sample Supervisor config
You'll want to edit `/etc/supervisor/conf.d/aauth_gunicorn.conf` (or whatever you want to call the config file)
```
[program:aauth-gunicorn]
user = www-data
directory=/home/allianceserver/allianceauth/
command=gunicorn alliance_auth.wsgi --workers=3 --timeout 120
autostart=true
autorestart=true
stopsignal=INT
```

- `[program:aauth-gunicorn]` - Change aauth-gunicorn to whatever you wish to call your process in Supervisor.
- `user = www-data` - Change to whatever user you wish Gunicorn to run as. You could even set this as allianceserver if you wished. I'll leave the question security of that up to you.
- `directory=/home/allianceserver/allianceauth/` - Needs to be the path to your Alliance Auth install.
- `command=gunicorn alliance_auth.wsgi --workers=3 --timeout 120` - Running Gunicorn and the options to launch with. This is where you have some decisions to make, we'll continue below.

#### Gunicorn Arguments

See the [Commonly Used Arguments](http://docs.gunicorn.org/en/latest/run.html#commonly-used-arguments) or [Full list of settings](http://docs.gunicorn.org/en/stable/settings.html) for more information.

##### Where to bind Gunicorn to?
What address are you going to use to reference it? By default, without a bind parameter, Gunicorn will bind to `127.0.0.1:8000`. This might be fine for your application. If it clashes with another application running on that port you will need to change it. I would suggest using UNIX sockets too, if you can.
 
For UNIX sockets add `--bind=unix:/run/allianceauth.sock` (or to a path you wish to use). Remember that your web server will need to be able to access this socket file.
 
For a TCP address add `--bind=127.0.0.1:8001` (or to the address/port you wish to use, but I would strongly advise against binding it to an external address).
 
Whatever you decide to use, remember it because we'll need it when configuring your webserver.

##### Number of workers
By default Gunicorn will spawn only one worker. The number you set this to will depend on your own server environment, how many visitors you have etc. Gunicorn suggests between 2-4 workers per core. Really you could probably get away with 2-4 in total for most installs.

Change it by adding `--workers=2` to the command.

##### Running with a virtual environment
If you're running with a virtual environment, you'll need to add the path to the `command=` config line.

e.g. `command=/path/to/venv/bin/gunicorn alliance_auth.wsgi`

### Starting via Supervisor

Once you have your configuration all sorted, you will need to reload your supervisor config `sudo service supervisor reload` and then you can start the Gunicorn server via `sudo supervisorctl start aauth-gunicorn` (or whatever you renamed it to). You should see something like the following `aauth-gunicorn: started`. If you get some other message, you'll need to consult the Supervisor log files, usually found in `/var/log/supervisor/`.


## Configuring your webserver

### NGINX
To your server config add:

```
location / {
    proxy_pass              http://127.0.0.1:8000;
    proxy_read_timeout      90;
    proxy_redirect          http://127.0.0.1:8000/ http://$host/;
    proxy_set_header        Host $host;
    proxy_set_header        X-Forwarded-For $proxy_add_x_forwarded_for;
    proxy_set_header        X-Real-IP $remote_addr;
    proxy_set_header        X-Forwarded-Proto $scheme;
}
```

Set `proxy_pass` and `proxy_redirect` to the address you set under `--bind=`. Set the second part of `proxy_redirect` to the URL you're hosting services on. Tell NGINX to reload your config, job done. Enjoy your lower memory usage and better performance!

If PHP is stopping you moving to NGINX, check out php-fpm as a way to run your PHP applications.

### Apache
If you were using mod_wsgi before, make a backup of your old config first and then strip out all of the mod_wsgi config from your Apache VirtualHost first config.

Your config will need something along these lines:
```
ProxyPreserveHost On
<Location />
    SSLRequireSSL
    ProxyPass http://127.0.0.1:8000/
    ProxyPassReverse http://127.0.0.1:8000/
    RequestHeader set X-FORWARDED-PROTOCOL ssl
    RequestHeader set X-FORWARDED-SSL on
</Location>
```

Set `ProxyPass` and `ProxyPassReverse` addresses to your `--bind=` address set earlier. 

You will need to enable some Apache mods. `sudo a2enmod http_proxy` should take care of the dependencies.

Restart Apache and you should be done.

### Other web servers

Any web server capable of proxy passing should be able to sit in front of Gunicorn. Consult their documentation armed with your `--bind=` address and you should be able to find how to do it relatively easy.


## Restarting Gunicorn
In the past when you made changes you restarted the entire Apache server. This is no longer required. When you update or make configuration changes that ask you to restart Apache, instead you can just restart Gunicorn:

`sudo supervisorctl restart aauth-gunicorn`, or the service name you chose for it.

Commit message:

Template supervisor conf. Update docs to reflect simple installation.
Ensure allianceauth celery workers can find config file for development (doesn't work as celeryapp.py).

docs/installation/auth/gunicorn.md, after:

# Gunicorn

[Gunicorn](http://gunicorn.org) is a Python WSGI HTTP Server for UNIX. The Gunicorn server is light on server resources, and fairly speedy.

If you find Apache's `mod_wsgi` to be a headache or want to use NGINX (or some other webserver), then Gunicorn could be for you. There are a number of other WSGI server options out there and this documentation should be enough for you to piece together how to get them working with your environment.

Check out the full [Gunicorn docs](http://docs.gunicorn.org/en/latest/index.html).

## Setting up Gunicorn

```eval_rst
.. note::
    If you're using a virtual environment (and I would encourage you to do so when hosting Alliance Auth), activate it now. `source /path/to/venv/bin/activate`.
```

Install Gunicorn using pip, `pip install gunicorn`.

In your `myauth` base directory, try running `gunicorn --bind 0.0.0.0:8000 myauth.wsgi`. You should be able to browse to http://yourserver:8000 and see your Alliance Auth installation running. Images and styling will be missing, but dont worry, your web server will provide them.

Once you validate its running, you can kill the process with Ctrl+C and continue.

## Running Gunicorn with Supervisor

You should use [Supervisor](allianceauth.md#supervisor) to keep all of Alliance Auth components running (instead of using screen). You don't _have to_ but we will be using it to start and run Gunicorn so you might as well.

### Sample Supervisor config
You'll want to edit `/etc/supervisor/conf.d/myauth_gunicorn.conf` (or whatever you want to call the config file)
```
[program:myauth-gunicorn]
user = allianceserver
directory=/home/allianceserver/myauth/
command=gunicorn myauth.wsgi --workers=3 --timeout 120
autostart=true
autorestart=true
stopsignal=INT
```

- `[program:myauth-gunicorn]` - Change myauth-gunicorn to whatever you wish to call your process in Supervisor.
- `user = allianceserver` - Change to whatever user you wish Gunicorn to run as. You could even set this as allianceserver if you wished. I'll leave the question security of that up to you.
- `directory=/home/allianceserver/myauth/` - Needs to be the path to your Alliance Auth project.
- `command=gunicorn myauth.wsgi --workers=3 --timeout 120` - Running Gunicorn and the options to launch with. This is where you have some decisions to make, we'll continue below.

#### Gunicorn Arguments

See the [Commonly Used Arguments](http://docs.gunicorn.org/en/latest/run.html#commonly-used-arguments) or [Full list of settings](http://docs.gunicorn.org/en/stable/settings.html) for more information.

##### Where to bind Gunicorn to?
What address are you going to use to reference it? By default, without a bind parameter, Gunicorn will bind to `127.0.0.1:8000`. This might be fine for your application. If it clashes with another application running on that port you will need to change it. I would suggest using UNIX sockets too, if you can.
 
For UNIX sockets add `--bind=unix:/run/allianceauth.sock` (or to a path you wish to use). Remember that your web server will need to be able to access this socket file.
 
For a TCP address add `--bind=127.0.0.1:8001` (or to the address/port you wish to use, but I would strongly advise against binding it to an external address).
 
Whatever you decide to use, remember it because we'll need it when configuring your webserver.

##### Number of workers
By default Gunicorn will spawn only one worker. The number you set this to will depend on your own server environment, how many visitors you have etc. Gunicorn suggests between 2-4 workers per core. Really you could probably get away with 2-4 in total for most installs.

Change it by adding `--workers=2` to the command.

##### Running with a virtual environment
If you're running with a virtual environment, you'll need to add the path to the `command=` config line.

e.g. `command=/path/to/venv/bin/gunicorn alliance_auth.wsgi`

### Starting via Supervisor

Once you have your configuration all sorted, you will need to reload your supervisor config `sudo service supervisor reload` and then you can start the Gunicorn server via `sudo supervisorctl start aauth-gunicorn` (or whatever you renamed it to). You should see something like the following `aauth-gunicorn: started`. If you get some other message, you'll need to consult the Supervisor log files, usually found in `/var/log/supervisor/`.


## Configuring your webserver

### NGINX
To your server config add:

```
location / {
    proxy_pass              http://127.0.0.1:8000;
    proxy_read_timeout      90;
    proxy_redirect          http://127.0.0.1:8000/ http://$host/;
    proxy_set_header        Host $host;
    proxy_set_header        X-Forwarded-For $proxy_add_x_forwarded_for;
    proxy_set_header        X-Real-IP $remote_addr;
    proxy_set_header        X-Forwarded-Proto $scheme;
}
```

Set `proxy_pass` and `proxy_redirect` to the address you set under `--bind=`. Set the second part of `proxy_redirect` to the URL you're hosting services on. Tell NGINX to reload your config, job done. Enjoy your lower memory usage and better performance!

If PHP is stopping you moving to NGINX, check out php-fpm as a way to run your PHP applications.

### Apache
If you were using mod_wsgi before, make a backup of your old config first and then strip out all of the mod_wsgi config from your Apache VirtualHost first config.

Your config will need something along these lines:
```
ProxyPreserveHost On
<Location />
    SSLRequireSSL
    ProxyPass http://127.0.0.1:8000/
    ProxyPassReverse http://127.0.0.1:8000/
    RequestHeader set X-FORWARDED-PROTOCOL ssl
    RequestHeader set X-FORWARDED-SSL on
</Location>
```

Set `ProxyPass` and `ProxyPassReverse` addresses to your `--bind=` address set earlier. 

You will need to enable some Apache mods. `sudo a2enmod http_proxy` should take care of the dependencies.

Restart Apache and you should be done.

### Other web servers

Any web server capable of proxy passing should be able to sit in front of Gunicorn. Consult their documentation armed with your `--bind=` address and you should be able to find how to do it relatively easy.


## Restarting Gunicorn
In the past when you made changes you restarted the entire Apache server. This is no longer required. When you update or make configuration changes that ask you to restart Apache, instead you can just restart Gunicorn:

`sudo supervisorctl restart myauth-gunicorn`, or the service name you chose for it.
