docs/maintenance/troubleshooting.md, before:

# Troubleshooting

## Something broken? Stuck on an issue? Can't get it set up?

Start here:
 - check the [issues](https://github.com/allianceauth/allianceauth/issues?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=is%3Aissue) - especially closed ones
 - check the [forums](https://forums.eveonline.com/default.aspx?g=posts&t=383030)

No answer?
 - open an [issue](https://github.com/allianceauth/allianceauth/issues)
 - harass us on [gitter](https://gitter.im/R4stl1n/allianceauth)
 - post to the [forums](https://forums.eveonline.com/default.aspx?g=posts&t=383030)

## Common Problems

### `pip install -r requirements.txt` is failing

Either you need to `sudo` that command, or it's a missing dependency. Check [the list](../installation/auth/dependencies.md), reinstall, and try again.

### I'm getting an error 500 trying to connect to the website on a new install

Read the apache error log: `sudo less /var/log/apache2/error.log`. Press Shift+G to go to the end of the file.

If it talks about failing to import something, google its name and install it.

If it whines about being unable to configure logger, see below. 

### Failed to configure log handler

Make sure the log directory is write-able: `chmod -R 777 /home/allianceserver/allianceauth/log`, then reload apache/celery/supervisor/etc.

### Groups aren't syncing to services

Make sure the background processes are running: `ps aux | grep celery` should return more than 1 line. More lines if you have more cores on your server's processor. If there are more than two lines starting with `SCREEN`, kill all of them with `kill #` where `#` is the process ID (second column), then restart with [these background process commands](../installation/auth/quickstart.md) from the allianceauth directory. You can't start these commands as root.

If that doesn't do it, try clearing the worker queue. First kill all celery processes as described above, then do the following:

    redis-cli FLUSHALL
    celery -A alliance_auth worker --purge

Press Control+C once.

Now start celery again with [these background process commands.](../installation/auth/quickstart.md)

While debugging, it is useful to see if tasks are being executed. The easiest tool is [flower](http://flower.readthedocs.io/). Install it with this: `sudo pip install flower`, then start it with this: `celery flower --broker=amqp://guest:guest@localhost:5672//`. To view the status, navigate to your server IP, port 5555.

Commit message:

Add explanation of auth project structure. Update troubleshooting guide for v2. Remove homoglyph data files included with confusable-homoglyphs>=3.0

docs/maintenance/troubleshooting.md, after:

# Troubleshooting

## Something broken? Stuck on an issue? Can't get it set up?

Start by checking the [issues](https://github.com/allianceauth/allianceauth/issues?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=is%3Aissue) - especially closed ones.

No answer?
 - open an [issue](https://github.com/allianceauth/allianceauth/issues)
 - harass us on [gitter](https://gitter.im/R4stl1n/allianceauth)

## Common Problems

### `pip install -r requirements.txt` is failing

It's probably a permissions issue. Ensure your current user can write to the virtual environment folder. That, or you're missing a dependency of some kind which will be indicated in the error message.

### I'm getting an error 500 trying to connect to the website on a new install

*Great.* Error 500 is the generic message given by your web server when *anything* breaks. The actual error message is hidden in one of your auth project's log files. Read them to identify it.

### Failed to configure log handler

Make sure the log directory is write-able by the allianceserver user: `chmown -R allianceserver:allianceserver /path/to/myauth/log/`, then restart the auth supervisor processes.

### Groups aren't syncing to services

Make sure the background processes are running: `supervisorctl status myauth:`. If `myauth:worker` or `myauth:beat` do not show `RUNNING` read their log files to identify why.

### Task queue is way too large

Stop celery workers with `supervisorctl stop myauth:worker` then clear the queue:

    redis-cli FLUSHALL
    celery -A myauth worker --purge

Press Control+C once.

Now start the worker again with `supervisorctl start myauth:worker`

### Proxy timeout when entering email address

This usually indicates an issue with your email settings. Ensure these are correct and your email server/service is properly configured.
